README.md, before:

# Hands On Systems Programming with Rust

Hands-On Systems Programming with Rust, Published by Packt

## Pipeviewer

This repository contains the code for the pipeviewer project that accompanies the
"Hands-on Systems Programming with Rust" online course I created for and published
through Packt.

This project replicates _some_ of the functionality of [pv], but the main focus of this
project is to walk students through a hands-on project to teach and demonstrate Rust
programming language features.  Each Git tag in this repository is for a commit that
corresponds to one of the training videos in the course, so you can walk through the
code tag-by-tag if you like along with the course.

I hope you find this repository and the companion course useful.  If you do, I
encourage you to check out [other courses, training, and projects that I do](https://agileperception.com). :wink:

I can be contacted via contact details on my website [agileperception.com].

[pv]: http://www.ivarch.com/programs/pv.shtml
[agileperception.com]: https://agileperception.com

## Update: 2022-06-17

- Tag the update as `update-2022-06-17`†
- Update from 2018 to 2021 edition of Rust†
- Update all deep dependencies with `cargo update`†
- Update `crossbeam` to version `0.8.1`†
- Update `crossterm` to version `0.23.2`. Required bringing `crossterm::style::Stylize` into scope in `stats.rs`, and changing `cursor::MoveToColumn(0)` to `cursor::MoveToColumn(1)`.

† No changes to the code were required for this step

Commit message:

update to clap 3.2.5 and bump pipeviewer itself to 1.0.1

README.md, after:

# Hands On Systems Programming with Rust

Hands-On Systems Programming with Rust, Published by Packt

## Pipeviewer

This repository contains the code for the pipeviewer project that accompanies the
"Hands-on Systems Programming with Rust" online course I created for and published
through Packt.

This project replicates _some_ of the functionality of [pv], but the main focus of this
project is to walk students through a hands-on project to teach and demonstrate Rust
programming language features.  Each Git tag in this repository is for a commit that
corresponds to one of the training videos in the course, so you can walk through the
code tag-by-tag if you like along with the course.

I hope you find this repository and the companion course useful.  If you do, I
encourage you to check out [other courses, training, and projects that I do](https://agileperception.com). :wink:

I can be contacted via contact details on my website [agileperception.com].

[pv]: http://www.ivarch.com/programs/pv.shtml
[agileperception.com]: https://agileperception.com

## Update: 2022-06-17

Changes since tag `5.5`:

- Update `pipeviewer`'s version to `1.0.1` (and add a corresponding tag)
- Update from 2018 to 2021 edition of Rust in `Cargo.toml`
- Update `crossbeam` to version `0.8.1` in `Cargo.toml`
- Update `crossterm` to version `0.23.2` in `Cargo.toml`. In `src/stats.rs`, bring `crossterm::style::Stylize` into scope in a `use` statement, and change `cursor::MoveToColumn(0)` to `cursor::MoveToColumn(1)`.
- Update `clap` to version `3.2.5` in `Cargo.toml`. In `src/args.rs`, change `.short("o")` to `.short('o')` and `.short("s")` to `.short('s')`.
- Update all deep dependencies by running `cargo update`
